well it is a day here at t i8 what it's
a day before final since the semi-final
stage oh yes well well I mean I guess so
there's a sky train going above us right
now because we're in downtown Vancouver
getting that atmosphere in this
interview I'm joined by children right
now I haven't interviewed you in like a
year and a half I feel like more the
last event I was at as talent was two
and a half years ago how did you end up
here if you were just kind of like
washed up well okay that's it you had
anything in two and a half years well no
I've been in touch with Val Val even in
the past years about possibly doing some
more dota events and usually it was more
matter of schedule obviously I'm still
full-time at ESL but this year we kind
of made it work we talked earlier
shifted around the schedules and Here I
am why you why meet well that's a
question for valve I think you should
have Sun directly I don't know how easy
is it to get the interview valve I don't
I could only ask you this it's difficult
what do you think of Ti this year well
so the one and only one I was at was
three years ago when I hosted the group
stage and I wasn't at the main stage for
that so quite frankly I can't really
compare it directly to any of the other
ones I wasn't there but I think it's I
think it's great I think everyone's kind
of feeling the the new vibe right new
location obviously a growth every year
in terms of the competition in prize
pool and I think it's been fun I think
they and I think the game itself has
gotten to an interesting point and that
I mean depending on your perspective
could be better or worse but I think the
changes are all fresh what do you think
of the the location in Vancouver I don't
know if you've been here before
I don't first time I've an Coover loved
it everyone kept telling me that it's
like Seattle but most people seem to
like it better than Seattle and I love
Seattle so I always I already thought I
was gonna like it haven't had much of a
chance to tour around but just walking
around I love the I love the vibe it's
it Seattle Vancouver both seem like
chill cities that have downtown's and I
appreciate that what is what is it like
for you being doing the desk and
handling all the stuff you said you
haven't done it for two and a half years
so what's that whole experience been
like for you
well it was really nerve-wracking to be
honest you know when I first talked
about I was alright great you know
sounds it sounds like fun really forward
to it and then about like the month
before we got here I was like man I
wouldn't done this in a while thankfully
this year for people who've been
watching you know that we have a ton of
segments so it's actually been more it's
been closer to producing than it has in
the past right it's not much more about
the discussion but about managing the
show so that helps me kind of get back
in the groove pretty easily when I
watched it feels like you're very
obsessed with sumail like you turn to
somebody and you're like that was all
about sumail right and they're like
actually it was this bigger thing and
then you turn to the guy next to him and
you're like but sumail right and they're
like well actually it is all this other
stuff and you're like sumail well okay
they like me and doublelift in my
interview there's two sides that i think
i think one is right from a surface
level that game specifically was I mean
sumail popped off he played his classic
hero storm spirit Manoa splashy the
other part is you know it's a way where
we can both talk about the parts we want
and cover all our bases right I can kind
of lead us in with the surface level
that everyone's seen is that hey so Mel
did really well and then other people
can kind of add on their expertise
rather than kind of leaving it
open-ended also I needs two males two
males
yeah I like his hair his hair is dope I
cannot pull that off what have been some
of your favorite storylines at this
event well you know that what favorites
a tough word for this one but obviously
the the fly know tale the drama well I
guess quotations not needed is it's it's
exciting right as a viewer it's good to
see that there are real emotions it's
sad to see how it panned out but I think
also on the analysis side the analysis
was correct in that at the end of the
day both teams did seem to get better so
it is a win-win hopefully over time that
will heal but you could tell that that
had had not healed yet on no tails end
but I mean I that's kind of what we need
to see right it's real it's real emotion
it's passion outside of that obviously
the how the Canadian players do
eternalenvy NRT so that was interesting
obviously EE
so far out but our TZ plays again later
today in the lower bracket and just I
mean our TVs always had a huge following
but especially in Vancouver it feels
different so that's really exciting as
well and then I mean there's always the
storyline of like how is China gonna do
versus the rest of the world and this
time it's just PSG OCD left but they're
poised to do pretty well you were
talking about emotion and drama I had a
chance to to see machine yesterday we
didn't interviewer we was talking and he
only does the losers interviews and he
was talking about just how depressing
that is for him all day long he says he
goes into a dark room comes out talks to
somebody who's just like lost that it
goes back into a dark room and then
comes out and that's tough that's tough
yeah I mean it's like doing therapy but
you're not doing therapy you're just
listening to him taking it in and kind
of transferring it to the viewers and if
that's all you do all day that stacks up
on a human being so props the machine
for holding it through there is a it's
interesting it took me a little bit to
figure out where the analyst desk was
when I first came into the arena it's
kind of cool you guys are literally on
the floor like you're on the analyst
desk and you're looking towards where
everybody's playing it's kind of a
unique setup I don't know if I've seen
too many other setups that are like that
but is that interesting for you to be
able to sort of literally see the guys
walking off and all yeah yeah no it's
it's been nice I mean there's there's
pros and cons right obviously if you're
in a completely separate studio setting
its contained but this has helped us
really feel the energy it's helped us
kind of see things live and react to it
as we see it and I it's I think they
found a good middle ground where we're
still just isolated enough where we're
not overwhelmed with the energy and it's
different than the casting desk which is
entirely open but it like you said we
get to see the players as they walk off
react to that it's not just a screen
that we're watching but we got to take
note of the entire vibe and that's
helped us a lot I think on the panel
another skytrain skytrains there there's
a lot of them here constantly going by
alright anything that you want to say to
all the League of Legends fans that
you've just abandoned over the years and
now all yours obsessed with dota
literally you came out of retirement for
two and a half years you could go do
some sort of leak thing but instead you
do dota
first okay it's just an open question
there's no nothing leading there I'm
just curious okay well I mean no that's
bandit was my choice I mean to everyone
who it was very heartwarming to see a
lot of people still kind of remember
that I used to do a lot of hosting stuff
whether it's on Twitter or reddit even
if you're not a huge DOTA fan just being
able to tell me like oh man it's been a
while it would be great to see you again
on stage that's been very encouraging so
I really appreciate that as for the
future I mean I'm still doing full-time
I'm actually now doing business
development work at ESL so we'll see how
that affects any other talent work I'm
always open to it but again it's a
matter of schedule but hopefully we can
make something work I'm going to groups
and quarters do you want to be my
translator in Busan I do I do want to go
to Korea can't I can't fly you so but
you want it you said you want to go to
create any ways so this works out yeah
but I mean listen the pay I was willing
to kind of go by but the flight ok good
if you're ok on the pay I'll redirect
the pay to the flight and we're good all
right I'll check my schedule all right
well thank you so much for the interview
looking forward to seeing how you fare
at t i8 throughout the rest of this I
don't know I've got some money on things
exploding on the analysts desk you know
I thought you were getting booed at
yesterday I was Trent was getting booed
up hard then they they wanted him to
take the jersey off and you said no
people what they want thank you so much
over for the interview for everyone else
you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things t i8 which is
probably only a couple videos cuz I've
got LCS tomorrow right here on my
youtube channel hey guys it's me Travis
cafard you may know me from the
interview that you just watched the end
so that you're seeing the outro now
wanted to give you a heads up that if
you subscribe to the YouTube channel
you're actually a better human being and
by the way thank you so much to Omni
slash for making this all possible